I"<p>My first semester at UF has been an absolute blast and has exceeded my expectations in so many ways. From the friends I’ve made through the clubs I’ve joined, to the amazing professors I’ve had the opportunity to work with and learn from, to the exciting experience of living independently and making decisions for myself every single day. In this post, I’m going to talk about some of the experiences that have defined my first semester, and the effect they’ve all had on my experience here.</p>

<h3>Rock Climbing</h3>
<p>Rock climbing was a hobby I got into only a few months before college. Once I arrived at UF, I knew that I wanted to join the Rock Climbing Club as my recreational club. When I attended the first meeting, I was expecting to meet a large group of strangers, but I was very surprised to see many of my older friends from high school being a part of the club. Additionally, the club was very welcoming to new climbers and there was a high percentage of beginners that were in the same position as I was. Over the course of this semester, I’ve become friends with almost everyone at the club, and have improved enough to work on many of the harder climbing problems that the other members are working on. I’ve also attended 3 different bouldering competitions since I joined the club, and even placed 3rd in the intermediate division of one of the competitions! Rock climbing has given me a community I feel at home with and a hobby that helps me relax from the stresses of college life. I plan to stay involved with the club over the next semester and following years, and am excited to see what’s to come.</p>

<h3>Professor Jonathon King</h3>
<p>I can confidently say that I’ve been extremely fortunate to start my freshman year of college taking Sets and Logic with someone I believe to be the best teacher I’ve ever had the pleasure of learning from. Entering Sets and Logic knowing a lot of the standard material taught in the class, I was very upset at the thought that I wouldn’t really be taking “new” math courses this semester. I was also taking Differential Equations, but similarly, I had already taught myself 90% of the content. Professor King, however, made Sets and Logic a learning experience I probably won’t forget for life. I still remember the first day when Professor King immediately set us to work on a creative math problem. Though it wasn’t completely difficult, it was an exciting problem and forced me and others to really think. For the rest of the semester, Professor King taught the class in a similar manner. The focus was always on exposing us to new problems and topics we hadn’t seen before and learning to apply concepts we did understand in creative ways to those problems. He often expected us to learn most of the basic content from home, and would review the content in class, but then the rest of the class was always spent learning extensions of the topics we had learned and problems that applied those topics in difficult ways. He would also stay for “Office Hours” right after class, and would be willing to teach us new topics that were beyond the scope of the course and work with us on various interesting problems. In addition to having a great professor, my Sets and Logic class also benefitted from being a small class of students that all liked the way Professor King taught. We all loved math and loved solving problems. As a result, the class was always extremely collaborative and we knew how to use each other’s strengths to tackle new problems. Sets and Logic was an experience I’ll never forget, and I look forward to taking another class with Professor King if I ever get the chance.</p>

<h3>My First Research Project</h3>
<p>My first semester also ended with me finding my first research mentor, Ashish Aggarwal, though I didn’t meet him through conventional means. Whereas typically students would meet their research mentor by emailing them or taking a class under them, I met my Mr. Aggarwal while eating dinner at the Krishna House. We started conversation, and quickly realized we had similar research interests. After talking to him further on other occassions, he eventually offered to work with me to help me start up my own research project. I’m currently working on researching means of applying deep learning sequential models to student data in a class to predict their performance. Though we are still in the data collection phase of the project, I’ve really enjoyed working on it so far, and juggling the different ideas has made the project a really intellectually exciting project for my first year. As with everything else, I’m looking forward to see where the project goes in upcoming semesters.</p>

<p>Altogether, it’s been a great semester and I hope this next semester leads me to even greater experiences.</p>
:ET